/* How to populate a field from another list, based on a dropdown selection */

Το σενάριο είναι ότι έχουμε ένα drop-down με Αριθμούς Συμβάσεων (Contracts_Data_Connection that points to 'Συμβάσεις').
Επιλέγοντας ένα αριθμό σύμβασης, γεμίζει ένα textbox με το όνομα του Προμηθευτή.

We implement the following steps:
1. We create a new hidden field, SupplierIdHD, by adding a new field on the form. We then remove it from the form, 
   because we don't want it to be visible to the users.
2. We create a new data connection, Suppliers_Data_Connection that points to 'Προμηθευτές',
   because Contracts_Data_Connection does not contain the supplier name, just the ID value.
3. We create a new rule on the drop-down, SetSupplierName, with the following actions:
   3.1 Set a field's value, in the Field option we select the SupplierIdHD hidden field. 
       In the Value, we build the following formula. 
       Press the Insert Field or Group... and press show advanced view. 
       From Fields select the Contracts_Data_Connection, and from dataFields select 'Προμηθευτής' 
       (This is a lookup field that points to another list 'Προμηθευτές'). 
       Now we have a collection in our hands, so we want to filter it.
       We press Filter Data..., Add..., 'Αναγνωριστικό' (which is the ID of Contracts_Data_Connection) is equal to select a field or group...
       In the pop-up window in Fields we select the <!--Main--> and in the dataFields we select 'Αριθμός Σύμβασης' 
       which is the field name of the drop-down (with value the ID of Contracts_Data_Connection).
       We press Ok until  we come back to the Action window.
   3.2 So we have the ID of Προμηθευτή in the hidden field, based on dropdown selection.
       Add a Query for Data action with data connection, the Suppliers_Data_Connection. We use this data connection 
       because it's time to get the name of the supplier.
   3.3 Set a field's value, in the Field option we select the 'Προμηθευτής' text field, 
       which is the actual field we are going to populate. 
       In the Value, we build the following formula.        
       Press the Insert Field or Group... and press show advanced view. 
       From Fields select the Suppliers_Data_Connection, and from dataFields select 'Διακριτικός Τίτλος'.
       Now we have a collection in our hands, so we want to filter it.       
       We press Filter Data..., Add..., 'Αναγνωριστικό' (which is the ID of 'Προμηθευτές') is equal to select a field or group...
       In the pop-up window in Fields we select the <!--Main--> and in the dataFields we select 'SupplierIdHD'.
       We press Ok until  we come back to the Action window.
   
